So now let's talk about S3 Event Notifications.
And the idea is that your events
are going to happen in Amazon S3.
What are events?
Well, events are things such as an object is created,
or an object is removed, or an object is restored,
or there is replication happening.
And you can filter these events.
So you can say I only want to consider the objects
that end with JPEG.
So the use case for Event Notification will be, for example,
to automatically react to certain events
happening in Amazon S3.
For example, you want to generate thumbnails
of all the images upload to Amazon S3.
Therefore, you're going to create your Event Notification.
And then you can send it to a couple of destinations.
It could be an SNS topic, it could be an SQS queue,
and a Lambda function.
And don't worry if you don't know this by now,
we will learn about these features in the next lectures.
So you can create as many S3 events as desired,
and you can send them to whatever target you want.
So the idea is that these events
are typically delivered within seconds
to these destinations,
but sometimes it can take a minute or longer.
Now, for the Event Notifications to work,
we need to have IAM permissions.
So the S3 service is sending data
into an SNS topic, for example.
So to make this possible, we need to attach
what's called an SNS resource access policy.
This is a IAM policy you attach to the SNS topic,
and this will allow the S3 bucket
to send messages directly into the SNS topic.
Similarly, if we use SQS,
we create an SQS resource access policy,
which authorizes the S3 service to send data
into our SQS queue.
And finally, for Lambda function, you will have guessed,
we need a Lambda resource policy
attached to our Lambda function
to make sure that Amazon S3
has the right to invoke our function.
So here we don't use IAM roles for Amazon S3.
Instead, we define resource access policies
on the SNS topic, on the SQS queue,
or on the Lambda function.
And they function similarly
to what we had when we were using an S3 bucket policy.
So you have to remember SNS, SQS, and lambda function
as Event Notifications targets.
But now, there's a fourth integration
you need to also learn about.
So your events are going into your Amazon S3 buckets.
And all the events end up in Amazon Event Bridge
no matter what.
So all of them, okay?
And then from Event Bridge that you don't know yet,
but you can set up rules.
And from Event Bridge,
you can, thanks to these rules, send these events
to over 18 different AWS services as destinations.
So it really enhances the capability
of S3 Event Notification.
And again, we'll see Event Bridge later on this course,
but with Event Bridge,
you get advanced filtering options
a lot more than what we had from before.
So you can filter by metadata, object, size, and name.
You can send to multiple destinations at the time.
You can say, for example, to Step Functions,
Kinesis Data Streams, or Firehose,
or you even get the features
coming straight from Amazon Event Bridge.
So you can archive events, replay events,
and you get more reliable delivery.
Okay, there's a lot you don't know in this lecture
around the news services,
but let's just focus on Amazon S3 Event Notifications.
The idea is that you can react to events
happening in Amazon S3,
thanks to sending it to SQS, SNS, Lambda,
or Amazon Event Bridge.
Okay, that's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.